Update lineage UI docs based on the new integrated tab (#1308)
astronomer/docs: astro/data-lineage-concepts.md

description: Learn about data lineage and how you can use it in Airflow.
---

> [Data lineage](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Data_lineage) is the concept of tracking and observing data flowing through a data pipeline. You can use data lineage to understand data sources, troubleshoot run failures, manage PII, and ensure compliance with data regulations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Data lineage](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Data_lineage) is the concept of tracking and observing data flowing through a data pipeline. You can use data lineage to understand data sources, troubleshoot run failures, manage  personally identifiable information (PII), and ensure compliance with data regulations.
```

> ## Lineage on Astronomer

Reviewer: Is this Lineage or OpenLineage? It seems the terms are being used interchangeably.

Reviewer 2: OpenLineage is the OSS project whereas `Lineage` is a general product term and data concept -- let's stick to **Lineage** almost always unless we're specifically talking about the OpenLineage community, project, or package.

To your point @kwcanuck, might not be a terrible idea to define OpenLineage up top/somewhere and link out to their docs for reference

- **Dataset:** Any collection of data that your runs interact with. For example, a dataset can correspond to a table in your database or a set of data that you run a Great Expectations check on. A dataset is typically registered as part of your lineage data when a run writing to the dataset is completed. For example, when data is inserted into a table.
- **Run:** An instance of a run where lineage data is generated. In the context of the Airflow integration, an OpenLineage run is generated with each DAG run.
- **Facet:** A piece of lineage metadata about a run, dataset, or run. Also known as a “job facet”.

## OpenLineage and Airflow

Using OpenLineage with Airflow gives you insight into your complex data ecosystems and can lead to better data governance. Airflow is a natural place to integrate data lineage because it touches and moves data across many parts of an Organization.

> The following are the primary capabilities that OpenLineage with Airflow provides:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following are the insights that OpenLineage with Airflow provides:
```
